Fix encoding of signature+calldata in GovernorCompatibilityBravo (#3100)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

 * `Base64`: add a library to parse bytes into base64 strings using `encode(bytes memory)` function, and provide examples to show how to use to build URL-safe `tokenURIs`. ([#2884](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/#2884))
 * `ERC20`: reduce allowance before triggering transfer. ([#3056](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/#3056))

### Bugfixes

>  * `GovernorCompatibilityBravo`: Fix error in the encoding of calldata for proposal submitted through the compatibility interface. Older versions incorrectly prefixed the calldata with the bytes length, leadding to incorrect call executions.([#3100](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/#3100))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `GovernorCompatibilityBravo`: Fix error in the encoding of calldata for proposals submitted through the compatibility interface. Older versions incorrectly prefixed the calldata with the bytes length, leading to incorrect call executions. ([#3100](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/#3100))
```
